Expand internal.logins def in Access Controls ref (#13682)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/reference.mdx

| Variable | Description |
| - | - |

> | `{{internal.logins}}` | Substitutes with a value stored in Teleport's own local user database and logins from a root cluster.  For local users that will substitute in the "allowed logins" parameter used in `tctl users add [user] <allowed logins>` command. If the role is within a leaf cluster in [Trusted Clusters](../setup/admin/trustedclusters.mdx) the logins from the root cluster will substitute whether the user is a local user or from a SSO provider. As an example if the user has `ubuntu` user in the root cluster then `ubuntu` will be substituted in the leaf cluster with this variable. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{{internal.logins}}` | Substituted with a value stored in Teleport's local user database and logins from a root cluster. <br/><br/>For local users, Teleport will substitute this with the "allowed logins" parameter used in the `tctl users add [user] <allowed logins>` command. <br/><br/>If the role is within a leaf cluster in a [Trusted Cluster](../setup/admin/trustedclusters.mdx), Teleport will substitute the logins from the root cluster whether the user is a local user or from an SSO provider. <br/><br/>As an example, if the user has the `ubuntu` login in the root cluster, then `ubuntu` will be substituted in the leaf cluster with this variable. |
```
Made suggestions for grammar/style as well as to break up the text with `br` tags.

> | `{{internal.logins}}` | Substituted with a value stored in Teleport's local user database and logins from a root cluster. <br/><br/>For local users, Teleport will substitute this with the "allowed logins" parameter used in the `tctl users add [user] <allowed logins>` command. <br/><br/>If the role is within a leaf cluster in a [Trusted Cluster](../setup/admin/trustedclusters.mdx), Teleport will substitute the logins from the root cluster whether the user is a local user or from an SSO provider. <br/><br/>As an example, if the user has the `ubuntu` login in the root cluster, then `ubuntu` will be substituted in the leaf cluster with this variable. |
> | `{{external.xyz}}` | Substituted with a value from an external [SSO provider](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_sign-on). If using SAML, this will be expanded with "xyz" assertion value. For OIDC, this will be expanded a value of "xyz" claim. |

Reviewer 2: These additional `<br/>` tags prevent the table from breaking the code-formatted values in the first column:

```suggestion
| `{{internal.logins}}` | Substituted with a value stored in Teleport's local user database<br/>and logins from a root cluster. <br/><br/>For local users, Teleport will substitute this with the<br/>"allowed logins" parameter used in the<br/>`tctl users add [user] <allowed logins>` command. <br/><br/>If the role is within a leaf cluster in a [Trusted Cluster](../setup/admin/trustedclusters.mdx),<br/>Teleport will substitute the logins from the root cluster<br/>whether the user is a local user or from an SSO provider. <br/><br/>As an example, if the user has the `ubuntu` login in the root<br/>cluster, then `ubuntu` will be substituted in the leaf<br/>cluster with this variable. |
| `{{external.xyz}}` | Substituted with a value from an external [SSO provider](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_sign-on).<br/>If using SAML, this will be expanded with "xyz" assertion value.<br/>For OIDC, this will be expanded a value of "xyz" claim. |
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2349184/205334271-063de554-854d-400a-ad68-5b00083bde92.png)

| Variable | Description |
| - | - |

> | `{{internal.logins}}` | This applies users stored in Teleport's own local database and users from a root cluster.  For local users that will substitute in the "allowed logins" parameter used in `tctl users add [user] <allowed logins>` command.   If the role is within a leaf cluster in [Trusted Clusters](../setup/admin/trustedclusters.mdx) the logins from the root cluster will also apply. |

Reviewer: ```markdown
This applies users stored in Teleport's own local database and users from a root 
cluster.
```

What does "applies users" mean here? I would be more specific about what's happening at the level of the template variable.

```markdown
If the role is within a leaf cluster in [Trusted Clusters]
(../setup/admin/trustedclusters.mdx) the logins from the root cluster will also 
apply.
```
Does "apply" mean "be substituted for the variable"? Also, what does "logins" mean here? The login a user assumes when running `tsh ssh`?

Author: @ptgott please take a look at the updated language
